Veggie Smoothie a la Cube


Make the Good Recipe. It contains three Apricorn, one Big Root and either a Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry

try the Very Good version . It uses two Apricorn, two Big Root and either another Big Root or Icy Rock, Honey or Balm Mushroom



Stone Soup a la Cube

try the basic Recipe. It uses one Apricorn, two Fossil and then either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn. Finally add another Apricorn or Fossil


Hmm there are four Good Recipes. The First combines one Apricorn, two Fossil, with either one Apricorn or Fossil. then add either one Big Root or Icy Rock or Honey.
the second uses one Fossil, one Icy Rock then either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry with two Apricorn or Fossil to finish.  The  Third takes two Apricorn, two Fossil and one Balm Mushroom.
the Fourth is made with three Apricorn, one Fossil and one Icy Rock. 

I found two Very Good recipes. The First uses two Icy Rock,  then either two Apricorn or Fossil and finally either a Big Root, Icy Rock, Honey  or Balm Mushroom. The second recipe uses one Tiny Mushroom, three Icy Rock and finally either an Apricorn or Fossil

I would suggest the Special Version. It takes one Fossil, three Icy Rock and one Rainbow Matter






Get Swole Syrup a la Cube

Hmm There are two Versions of this Good and Expensive Recipe. The first uses one Tiny Mushroom, two Bluk Berry, one Honey and one Balm Mushroom. The second combines two Tiny Mushroom, one Bluk Berry and two Honey.

for the Very Good Recipe, take one Tiny Mushroom, one Bluk Berry, two Honey and one Balm Mushroom




Red Stew a la Cube

try the Basic Recipe. it is made with four Tiny Mushroom and then add either one more Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

make the Good Recipe. It uses three Tiny Mshroom, one Big Root and then either one more Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

I suggest the Very Good version. It combines one Tiny Mushroom with three Big Root and then either one more Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

best to use the Special Recipe.  It takes four Big Root and then either one more Big Root or Icy Rock or Honey or Balm Mushroom





Mouth Watering Dip a la Cube

Try the Basic Recipe. it is made with three Bluk Berry, one Tiny Mushroom and either one Tiny Mushroom or Apricorn or Fossil

Hmm there are two Good Recipes. The first uses three Bluk Berry, then either one Big Root or Honey or Balm Mushroom.  Then finally add either one Tiny Mushroom or Apricon or Fossil
The second Good Version uses two Bluk Berry, two Tiny Mushroom and one Icy Rock


I would choose the Very Good recipe. It uses two Bluk Berry, one Icy Rock and either two Big Root or Honey or Balm Mushroom





Honey Nectar a la Cube

try the Good and Expensive Recipe.  It uses only the finest ingredients. Two Bluk Berry, one Apricorn and two Honey

I suggest the Very Good Recipe.  It is made with one Bluk Berry, three Honey and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Fossil

Hmm I would go with the Special Version. It uses one Bluk Berry, three Honey and one Rainbow Matter




Light as Air Casserole a la Cube

Try the Good and Expensive Recipe. It uses only the finest ingredients. Three Fossils and two Big Root

I suggest the Very Good Recipe. It is made with two Fossil, two Big Root, and one Icy Rock

I would use the Special Recipe for that Pokemon.  Use two Big Root and three Icy Rock



Grey Porridge a la Cube

Make the Basic Recipe with four Fossil and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

try the Good Recipe. It uses three Fossil, one Balm Mushroom and either  one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

I suggest the Very Good Recipe, made with one Fossil, three Balm Mushroom and either  one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

I would use the Special Recipe with four Balm Mushroom and either one Big Root or Icy rock or Honey or Balm Mushroom



Mud Pie a la Cube

Make the Basic Recipe with one Tiny Mushroom, two Fossil and either two Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry

try the Good Recipe. It uses two Fossil, two Bluk Berry and either one Big Root or Balm Mushroom


May I suggest the Very Good Recipe. For this you need one Fossil, one Bluk Berry, one Big Root, one Icy Rock and finally either one Big Root, Honey or Balm Mushroom

I would use the Special Recipe. Simple take two Icy Rock and either three Big root or three Honey or three balm Mushroom.


Watt a Rissotto a la Cube

you need to make the Good and Expensive version. It uses the finest ingredients. One Tiny Mushroom, one Apricorn, two Honey and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry

Try the Very Good and Expensive version. it uses one Apricorn , two Honey and either two Big Root or Balm Mushroom

I recommend the Special Recipe with three Honey, one Big Root or Icy Rock and finally either another Big Root or Balm Mushroom


Blue Soda a la Cube


Make the Basic Recipe using four Bluk Berry and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

try the Good Recipe using three Bluk Berry, one Icy Rock and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

Hmmm I recommend the Very Good Recipe. It uses one Bluk Berry, three Icy Rock and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

Make the Special Recipe using four Icy Rock, and either one Big Root or Icy Rock or Honey or Balm Mushroom


Yellow Curry a la Cube

Make the Basic recipe which uses four Apricorn and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

Try the Good Recipe which uses three Apricorn, one Honey and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

Use the Very Good Recipe. it is made with one Apricorn, three Honey and either one Tiny Mushroom or Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

Make the Special Recipe which uses four Honey and either one Big Root or Icy Rock or Honey or Balm Mushroom





Plain Crepe a la Cube

Make the Basic Recipe with three Bluk Berry and two Fossil

Make the Good Recipe with two Bluk Berry, two Fossil and Honey

hmm there are two Very Good Recipes you can try. The first uses two Bluk Berry, one Honey and two Balm Mushroom.  The second is made with one Bluk Berry, one Fossil, two Honey and one  Balm Mushroom

Try the Special Recipe with three honey and two Balm Mushroom




Sludge Soup a la Cube

Make the Good Recipe with three Tiny Mushroom, one Balm Mushroom and either one Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

try the Very Good Recipe. it is made with two Tiny Mushroom, two Balm Mushroom and either one Big Root or Icy Rock or Honey or Balm Mushroom

I recommend the Special Recipe with one Tiny Mushroom, three Balm Mushroom and one Rainbow Matter


Hot Pot a la Cube


make the Basic Recipe with three Tiny Mushroom and then either one Bluk Berry or Apricorn and then finally add either one Bluk Berry or Apricorn or Fossil

Make The Good Recipe using two Tiny Mushroom, one Balm Mushroom and then either one Bluk Berry or Apricorn, and then mix in either one Bluk Berry or Fossil

Try the Very Good Recipe.   it uses one Tiny Mushroom, two Balm Mushroom, one Big Root and then either one Bluk Berry, Apricorn or Fossil

I would make the Special Recipe with three Balm Mushroom and two Big Root



Brain Food a la Cube

Try the Basic Recipe. It is made with three Bluk Berry, one Apricorn and either one more Apricorn or Fossil


Make the Good Recipe. it uses two Bluk Berry, one Apricorn , one Honey and either one more Apricorn or Fossil


I suggest making the Very Good Recipe. it combines one Bluk Berry, one Apricorn, one Icy Rock and two Honey


Ambrosia of Legends a la Cube

make the Good Recipe. It uses one Mystic Shell, one Tiny Mushroom, one Bluk Berry, one Apricorn and one Fossil

I would recommend the Special Version. It is made with one Mystic Shell, one Big Root, one Icy Rock, one Honey, one Balm Mushroom
